An example of path finding algorithm visualizer using gg module (#20060)
vlang/v: examples/aStar path finding algorithm visualizer/README.md

# A Star path finding algorithm visualizer

> This is a simple visualizer template for path finding algorithm wriiten in v lang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple visualizer for a path finding algorithm written in V.
```

# Quick start 

make sure you have c lang installed or follow the instruction here 

> - v language docs: [v language docs](https://github.com/vlang/v/blob/master/doc/docs.md) 

Reviewer: There is no need for these lines; all the examples assume that V is installed, and there is a working C compiler (and V distributes a prebuilt tcc for linux/windows/macos).

```console
# to run without compiling
$ v run aStar.v

# to compile and run 
$ v aStar.v # compile 

# run 
$ ./aStar
```

# Controls

- `q` : To quit the application
- `c`: clear the grid and start from new one 
- `space`: initialize path finding algorithm 

# Demo 
![Demo image of the algorithm](screenshots/demo.png)

# 🔴🔴🔴🔴 Area of improvments 🔴🔴🔴🔴🔴

> - 🚧 Under Construction: We are using heap but that is not correctly implemneted instead of O(log(n)) it takes O(n) Thats why having more grid size will break the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 🚧 Under Construction: We are using heap but that is not correctly implemented instead of O(log(n)) it takes O(n) Thats why having more grid size will break the application.
```
